docs: Bring back self-signed cert docs and expand with reverse-proxy note (#11520)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/development/environment/index.mdx

Please refer to [Frontend Development Server](/frontend/development-server/) and [Backend Development Server](/backend/development-server/) for alternative ways to bring up the Sentry UI.

### Enabling HTTPS

> You may wish to run the development server over a secure HTTPS connection. This can be done by generating & installing local certificates and running a reverse proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you may wish to run the development server over HTTPS, for certain situations (like testing JS APIs that require a secure context).
```
